what's up everybody yugioh 101 car
review he'll review another car that was
revealed in the ocg booster pack
judgment of the light coming april
twentieth this year we're looking at
here is star form dragon it's a light
dragon sinker effect monster level 11
attack 3200 defense 2,800 description 1
200 plus one or more non-tuner monsters
must be synchro summon and cannot be
special something about other ways this
card synchro summon cannot be negated
when special summon this card this cards
in it when the special summon cars and
effects cannot be activated if this card
attacks it is unaffected by other card
effects until the damage done until the
end of the damage step so this is a
pretty powerful guy but it's balanced
because it can't be special something
about other ways you know so you can
only sync or something it um it's
somewhat similar to the Egyptian god
cards you know cuz like it's it's you
know summon can't be negated you know on
the one in attacks you know like your
opponent can't really can't you know
like activate anything um in response
took it took you know like this car you
know like attacking like the main
drawback of course you know like it must
be sick or something and you know what
you can't use monster reborn or you know
like any of those cards on this dragon
so yeah and another fun fact is you know
like this is like the first level 11
synchro monster and it does and you know
like have some you know like basic you
know so many requirements which is in my
opinion is the reason why I like this
guy you know I will be you know like
very popular
um you know I just sort of fact that you
know you can use any tuner in any night
tuner monster on it you know I'm saying
like I can order to make it and I
believe you know like that was right you
know like decision to make cuz I don't
think it would be wise to you like to I
like limit this this guy I only like you
know like one type of you know like
monster build or like you know like one
art type of whatever you but yeah I like
this car and I'm interested in seeing
how this car you know like will be used
all my questions released into the game
so um yeah link to this car is gonna be
in the description you guys can check it
out now see we asked for the next car
review piece